杂/字体.md, before:

中兴正圆+googlesans 大圆角+->=>
- [x] $20空格宽度 consolas？
- [x] bdpqu粗细
 ### opentype 间距
- [x] f、4
- [x] 1、`.`
- [ ] r、o

# Test
1234567890
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
< > ( ) [ ] { } , . ; : ' "  / ? ! @ # $ % ^ & * + - = _ | \ 、。，？！【】（）《》
=> ->
> 半痴半傻半疯癫，  
> 半人半鬼半神仙。  
> 半离半和半心怨，  
> 半俗半雅半人间。

>[!NOTE|indent]+ 《战士和苍蝇》——鲁迅 1925年
>“战士死了的时候，苍蝇所首先发见的是他的缺点和伤痕，嘬着，营营地叫，以为得意，以为比死了的战士更英雄。但是战士已经死了，不再来挥去它们。于是乎苍蝇们即更其营营地叫，自以为倒是不朽的声音，因为它们的完全，远在战士之上。的确的，谁也没有发见过苍蝇们的缺点和创伤。然而，有缺点的战士终竟是战士，完美的苍蝇也终竟不过是苍蝇。”
## 标准
| 符号 | unicode  | html        |
| ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `ᨐ`    | `\u1a10` | `&#x1a10`;  |
| `§`    | `\u00a7` | `&#xe00a7;` |

## 自制
| 符号 | unicode  | html       |
| ---- | -------- | ---------- |
| ``    | `\ue000` | `&#xe000;` |
| ``    | `\ue001` | `&#xe001;` |
| ``    | `\ue002` | `&#xe002;` |
| ``    | `\ue003` | `&#xe003;` |
| ``    | `\ue004` | `&#xe004;` |
| ``    | `\ue005` | `&#xe005;` |
| ``    | `\ue006` | `&#xe006;` |
| ``    | `\ue007` | `&#xe007;` |
| ``    | `\ue008` | `&#xe008;` |
| ``    | `\ue009` | `&#xe009;` |
| ``    | `\ue00a` | `&#xe00a;` |
| ``    | `\ue00b` | `&#xe00b;` |
| ``    | `\ue00c` | `&#xe00c;` |
| ``    | `\ue00d` | `&#xe00d;` |
| ``    | `\ue00e` | `&#xe00e;` |
| ``    | `\ue00f` | `&#xe00f;` |

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-07-14 22:21:36
Affected files:
.obsidian/app.json
.obsidian/community-plugins.json
.obsidian/core-plugins.json
.obsidian/hotkeys.json
.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-day-planner/data.json
.obsidian/plugins/quick-explorer/main.js
.obsidian/plugins/quick-explorer/manifest.json
.obsidian/plugins/quick-explorer/styles.css
.obsidian/snippets/code.css
.obsidian/snippets/code.scss
.obsidian/snippets/icons.css
.obsidian/snippets/markdown.css
.obsidian/snippets/markdown.scss
.obsidian/snippets/plugin.css
.obsidian/snippets/plugin.scss
.obsidian/snippets/status.css
.obsidian/snippets/status.scss
.obsidian/workspace
_templates/template-daily.md
docs/BackEnd/Python/python.md
docs/tool/LaTex.md
docs/考研/829/大纲.md
docs/考研/829/操作系统/1.概述.md
docs/考研/829/操作系统/2.进程.md
docs/考研/829/组成原理/2.数据表示和运算.md
docs/考研/829/组成原理/4.指令系统.md
docs/考研/829/组成原理/5.中央处理器.md
docs/考研/829/组成原理/6.总线.md
docs/考研/English/生词.md
docs/考研/English/短语.md
docs/考研/数学/线代/5.特征值与特征向量.md
docs/考研/数学/线代/_assets/5.特征值与特征向量-20220714.png
杂/字体.md
杂/提示框callout.md

杂/字体.md, after:

中兴正圆+googlesans 大圆角+->=>
- [x] $20空格宽度 consolas？
- [x] bdpqu粗细
 ### opentype 间距
- [x] f、4
- [x] 1、`.`
- [ ] r、o

### FiraCode certain ligature disable
Another straightforward way to remove the ligatures of your choice:
- Clone this repo
- Install the prerequisites for running the font build script (`sh scripts/bootstrap_macos.sh` or `bootstrap_linux.sh`)
- Confirm that you can generate the font files that you want (e.g. `sh scripts/build_ttf.sh`)
- Open FiraCode.glyphs in a text editor, find the line `name = calt;`, then in the long line above that delete the ligatures that you want. For example, to remove the ligature ~> ⇝ (which makes my shell prompt look silly and ruins the highlighting there), find the part in that line starting from `lookup asciitilde_greater` and delete to the end of the block, i.e. the end of the next `\012\012`.
- Generate the font files.

# Test
1234567890
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
< > ( ) [ ] { } , . ; : ' "  / ? ! @ # $ % ^ & * + - = _ | \ 、。，？！【】（）《》
=> ->
> 半痴半傻半疯癫，  
> 半人半鬼半神仙。  
> 半离半和半心怨，  
> 半俗半雅半人间。

>[!NOTE|indent]+ 《战士和苍蝇》——鲁迅 1925年
>“战士死了的时候，苍蝇所首先发见的是他的缺点和伤痕，嘬着，营营地叫，以为得意，以为比死了的战士更英雄。但是战士已经死了，不再来挥去它们。于是乎苍蝇们即更其营营地叫，自以为倒是不朽的声音，因为它们的完全，远在战士之上。的确的，谁也没有发见过苍蝇们的缺点和创伤。然而，有缺点的战士终竟是战士，完美的苍蝇也终竟不过是苍蝇。”
## 标准
| 符号 | unicode  | html        |
| ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `ᨐ`    | `\u1a10` | `&#x1a10`;  |
| `§`    | `\u00a7` | `&#xe00a7;` |

## 自制
| 符号 | unicode  | html       |
| ---- | -------- | ---------- |
| ``    | `\ue000` | `&#xe000;` |
| ``    | `\ue001` | `&#xe001;` |
| ``    | `\ue002` | `&#xe002;` |
| ``    | `\ue003` | `&#xe003;` |
| ``    | `\ue004` | `&#xe004;` |
| ``    | `\ue005` | `&#xe005;` |
| ``    | `\ue006` | `&#xe006;` |
| ``    | `\ue007` | `&#xe007;` |
| ``    | `\ue008` | `&#xe008;` |
| ``    | `\ue009` | `&#xe009;` |
| ``    | `\ue00a` | `&#xe00a;` |
| ``    | `\ue00b` | `&#xe00b;` |
| ``    | `\ue00c` | `&#xe00c;` |
| ``    | `\ue00d` | `&#xe00d;` |
| ``    | `\ue00e` | `&#xe00e;` |
| ``    | `\ue00f` | `&#xe00f;` |
